-[Kotoko] Those are pretty.
-Huh?
Are you visiting
your cousin again?
You seem to have
excellent timing, don't you?
Was it through deduction,
or did your yokai friends
tell you I was here?
I have an appointment for
my eye and leg today.
What a coincidence!
[opening music]
After that last incident
the ayakashi won't stop
talking about you
and what you did that day.
"He must be a yokai
of unrivaled power.
-I bet he's gonna cook us up
-[Fallen Warrior] My lady!
-and eat every one of us
-Please help us!
-to the last one!"
So I helped you out
and that's the thanks I get?
Well, it's your power
that scares them.
Your left arm...
Are you sure
it's totally fine now?
Wait, you're actually
worried about me?
Well, I'm the one
who got you involved.
[Kuro] See? It's fine.
Ever since I ate
the flesh of a mermaid
at the age of eleven,
my body repairs itself,
no matter how badly
it gets hurt.
You know, it's said
those that eat mermaid
will become immortal
and gain eternal youth.
But I'm happy to say
that you definitely
don't look eleven.
About that...
I think it might be
because the other yokai
whose flesh I ate along
with the mermaid's
is nullifying some
of the effects.
What was the other one?
I have to get going.
I'll be late for
visiting hours.
Kuro.
I actually had
a favor to ask you.
Hmm?
Tonight, I'm heading off
to see a giant serpent
who is the guardian spirit
of the mountains
in the next prefecture over.
Would you come with me?
A giant serpent?
Yes.
About ten days ago,
one of its servants
came to visit me.
It said the guardian is
so troubled by something
that it can't even sleep
at night.
So, this is a job for
the Goddess of
Wisdom to the Spectres.
You're going to put yourself
in danger again?
I mean, you don't even
have any special powers.
How rude!
I have a very special power
that allows me
to interact with the ayakashi,
and even touch ghosts!
But that's it.
Am I right?
You can't fly,
you don't have super-strength,
or talismans to create
supernatural phenomena.
You don't have any physical
or spell-like powers.
What if you run into another
violent, aggressive monster
like we did the other day?
At least my arm can regrow.
If you're so worried
about me
you should just come along.
And if you were to
help them out
despite how much
the yokai fear you, I'm sure
it'll make negotiations
and mediations go smoother.
I can't tonight.
Huh?
I want to enjoy
the pork miso soup
I made last night.
So go by yourself.
[gasp]
[Kotoko] Honestly!
Why is he like that?!
Who lets
a poor defenseless girl
go off into the mountains
on her own
in the middle of the night?!
[Yosozume] I'm terribly sorry
it's so late, my lady.
Oh, look! The swamp's
coming into view.
[serpent] I know you've traveled
a great distance
to come and see me
as I had requested...
for which I humbly thank you...
my lady.
Of course.
That is my duty, after all.
There's no need to thank me
for doing my job.
And besides,
the people here
once worshiped you
as a water god.
It's only natural that
I come to see you
if you ever needed me.
It's been quite a long time
since the humans worshiped me
as a water god.
The small shrine has
long been forgotten,
and no one offers me anything
for it to rain anymore.
Though, even when
they did pray to me,
I never had the ability
to control the weather
to begin with.
Considering me a god
was presumptuous.
It's no wonder
I've been forgotten.
The human world develops
so quickly that
there are many things
I don't understand.
That is why I sent
one of my servants
to summon you forth, my lady,
so I could borrow some
of your great wisdom.
So, well...
I apologize that I cannot
be more hospitable
here in these mountains,
but please do not
be angry with me.
Oh, no! It's totally fine.
If I seem to be
in a bad mood,
it isn't because of you.
It's due to
something personal.
Something personal,
you say?
Right.
I have a moody boyfriend
named Kuro Sakuragawa.
I asked him to come
with me here tonight,
but he declined saying
he'd rather stay home
and eat pork miso soup.
- [yokai greeting]
- [Kotoko giggles]
So you had one of
your yokai track me down...
Kuro! It's absolutely
imperative that you at this!
Hmm?
[sniffing]
You actually made
pork miso soup?
Don't go barging
into people's homes!
Wait...
You're going into the mountains
dressed like that?
You noticed, Kuro!
I knew you would!
It's a spring line.
My "I've been invited" dress!
But you were invited to
a swamp in the mountains...
[Kotoko] Wait, no!
-You shouldn't be so forceful!
-[Kuro] Just stay still!
What is this?
The jacket I wore when
I went mountain climbing
in grade school.
How did you dig this up
so quickly?!
[Kotoko gasping]
Now what are you doing?!
It's some bug repellent.
What the heck
do you think you're...
Here's some pork miso soup
to take with you.
And rice balls, too.
Wait...
Kuro!
Don't do anything rash again.
So you see,
even though I told him
I would be meeting
with a giant serpent
that might like
to dine on humans,
he refused to join me.
Goodness, no!
I would never dream
of eating you, my lady!
Besides, humans are far
too hard to eat
with the clothes and metal
accessories that they put on.
So you have actually eaten
some humans before?
I can't say I haven't...
I was rumored to be
a man-eating serpent
back in the day,
but humans don't really
taste that good.
And nowadays,
it would cause far
too much trouble,
which I would prefer
to avoid.
By the way, my lady,
Hmm?
if you were able to
bring your soup here,
couldn't your boyfriend
have brought his
to eat here, as well?
[Kotoko] Err...
I mean, he probably didn't
have another thermos!
That must be it, I'm sure!
We've gone off track.
Down to the issue at hand.
You're concerned about
the murdered corpse you found
in your swamp recently,
aren't you?
Yes. I cannot fathom
why that woman
came all the way to my swamp
to dispose of the body.
So I'd like to hear
an explanation that
I can be satisfied with.
[Kotoko]
About a month ago,
on April 23rd,
just past 2 PM,
two hikers who were out
picking mountain vegetables
found a man's body floating
here at Tsukuna Swamp.
Because he'd been stabbed in
the chest with a sharp knife,
they ruled it a murder.
However, despite
having a few days passing
since he was murdered,
and him having no cellphone
or ID on his person,
they identified him
immediately.
Hiroo Yoshihara,
35 years old.
He worked for
a large construction firm.
Eventually, a 30-year-old woman
was arrested as a suspect.
Aoi Tanio.
I admit, it was me.
They got a confession
from her.
While many unanswered
questions remain,
they're working mostly on
gathering evidence right now.
That means it's pretty much
an open and shut case
for the time being.
I assume she threw the body
into the swamp to hide it,
or to perhaps stall
its eventual discovery?
Nay! It was not to
hide the body!
I just happened to see her
as she dumped it in...
[sigh]
[woman panting hard]
[woman struggling]
[splash]
[serpent]
That woman did indeed
do something so spiteful
as to throw that corpse
into this swamp whose waters
I drink from.
But there are times when
animal corpses float in it,
as well as humans who
throw trash into it.
So I have the ayakashi
that live in these mountains
clean the swamp regularly.
Which is fine and all,
but something's still amiss
about all of this.
The woman didn't put
anything on the body
to weigh it down when
she threw it in.
So the corpse rose to the top
and was discovered quickly.
Above all, at that moment
I clearly heard
the woman say this...
[Aoi] I hope with all my heart
that they find you.
[serpent] Despite taking
the time and effort to
dispose of the corpse here,
she talked about
how she wanted
his body to be found.
[Kotoko] At first glance,
it seems like her actions
don't really make
much sense at all.
[serpent] Yes!
I don't understand it!
[Kotoko] It must be difficult
for a woman
to push a wheelbarrow
with a body in it
up a mountain at night.
The police doubted that part,
so they asked her about it.
"Why did you bother
carting his dead body
all the way up there
to that swamp?"
And that's when the suspect,
Aoi Tanio, told them...
There's a huge serpent
living in that swamp
and I've heard that
sometimes it eats people,
I thought if I dumped
the body there,
the serpent would eat it.
It was a rather
irrational confession
so it even appeared
in newspapers.
[serpent]
Yes, I too saw that confession.
[Kotoko]
Aoi Tanio's family home
is right at the base
of this mountain.
It could be
she actually believed
the legends she'd heard
as a child
about a man-eating serpent
in the swamp.
And in a desperate attempt
she brought the corpse
all the way up here
to get rid of it...
Of course,
that's not the case.
She actually brought
the body up here
with the intention
of hiding it.
She wasn't trying to bury it
or let it sink down
into the swamp.
She wanted to give it
to you to devour it.
Well then, what about
what that woman said
when she dumped the body?
She didn't mean it like
"I brought it all
the way up here,
so I hope someone
will find it."
It was really
quite the opposite.
What she meant was that
she hoped you would
find the body first
and deal with it for her.
Nay! Even if I had found
the body
there was no guarantee
that I'd eat it.
If the woman really wished
to dispose of the body
she would've said
something along the lines
of "I truly hope it eats you."
For being so huge,
this guardian really
gets hung up on little details.
This brings up
another question.
Why did that woman give
the police a false confession?
Oh man... This is going
to take a while.
Well, in all likelihood,
to conceal the real reason
she dumped the body here.
Aye. I would like to
hear an answer
I can be satisfied with.
[Kotoko] Let's go back over
the details of this case.
Despite your wisdom,
we need to make sure
there aren't any discrepancies.
It all started
five years ago.
Aoi Tanio had a boyfriend.
It was a serious relationship
with a young man named
Yoshikazu Machii.
But he died in the arms
of a different woman
who was his coworker,
in what looked like
a double suicide.
Machii worked in
the accounting department
of a large construction firm,
but after he died,
it came to light that
he'd messed with some numbers
and embezzled
a large sum of money.
Machii realized he wouldn't
be able to hide the fact
that he had embezzled
the money
so he convinced the woman
to die with him.
Or, at least,
that was what everyone believed.
Aoi was deeply hurt by this
and came back
to her family home at
the base of Mount Tsukuna.
She lived as a shut-in
for about two years
but she eventually found
a job near home
and began to gradually
get back on her feet again.
And it was right around
that time...
April 21st of this year,
a Friday night seven-thirty,
Hiroo Yoshihara showed up
at Aoi's house.
I'm sorry for what
I did five years ago.
Yoshihara was
a coworker of Machii's,
so Aoi knew his name and face.
[Yoshihara]
I embezzled the money!
And I'm the one
who killed Machii...
Machii and that woman
realized what I had done.
They said they'd make it public
unless I confessed...
That's why I killed them...
[Kotoko] Hiroo Yoshihara's plan
went accordingly.
He got away with
the embezzlement
and it's said he was living
a decent life afterwards.
But starting this year.
he was met with
a series of misfortunes.
He made a mistake at work
that cost millions.
An accident killed
his wife and child.
On top of that,
they found a malignant tumor
growing in his body.
A series of
unfortunate events.
Yoshihara thought
this was happening
because of what
he had done five years prior,
so he visited Aoi
in the mountains
to repent for his crimes.
He thought if
he showed remorse now
he could escape
his fateful punishment,
and that he might at least
get away with his life.
I'm so sorry...
I'm so sorry!
And that pretty much sums up
Aoi Tanio's confession.
Apparently, Yoshihara
had also contacted
Machii's younger brother
beforehand,
asking if they could
meet up soon
regarding what had happened
five years ago.
Machii's brother was
at work at the time
so he couldn't talk
to him in detail.
That probably prompted
Yoshihara to go see Aoi first.
[Aoi gasps]
[Kotoko]
As the investigation went on,
the embezzlement and
supposed double suicide
came back to light.
They also learned that
Aoi Tanio
the person connected
to the case,
lived at the base
of the mountain
where the corpse was found,
and made the connection.
[Aoi] Yoshihara was about
my size
and his body had already wasted
away due to his illness,
so it wasn't that much trouble
to get him up the mountain.
[Kotoko] The next day,
Saturday the 22nd,
no one came to the swamp,
possibly because
it rained that day.
So the body wasn't discovered
until two days later,
on the 23rd.
[Aoi] I figured the serpent
wouldn't want to eat
the man's wallet
or his cellphone,
so I decided to remove them.
Then I burned his ID at home,
and I threw the knife into
the swamp with the body.
But...
It did not
eat the corpse.
[serpent] The police have been
coming to this swamp
quite often during the day
ever since it happened.
It would seem they are looking
for the knife that killed him.
I'm sure they'd have
a tough time finding it here.
About the suspect...
Did she throw anything
in the swamp?
I mean, aside from the body?
Hm, I'm not certain...
Sadly, the information
I can get is limited
so I'll just have to
use my imagination
to fill in some of
the blank spots...
But I still believe
the suspect dumped the body
into the swamp for
a very simple reason.
A simple reason?
That's right.
In cases like this,
it's often done to protect
the real killer.
Hiroo Yoshihara had contacted
Aoi Tanio beforehand
saying that he'd like
to come see her.
He was from a dark part
of her past.
I doubt she'd agree
to see him alone.
That is a good point...
No one would
suspect anything
if she had someone with her
when Yoshihara came over.
Oh, I know. I think
Machii's younger brother
would be a perfect example.
Yoshihara told Machii's brother
on the phone
that he had also contacted
Machii's former girlfriend.
He might have had
a bad feeling about that
and contacted Aoi.
After learning the truth
of his brother's murder
he impulsively killed Yoshihara.
[Aoi screams]
[Kotoko] But he still had
a future.
On the other hand,
Aoi had been living
as a shut-in
and had very little to lose.
That's why she decided
she would protect him.
After sending
the real killer away,
she decided to
dump the corpse
at the swamp in
the mountains.
There are three reasons
for this.
The first:
to let the swamp water
wash off any traces
of the true killer that may
have ended up on the corpse.
The second:
to give the true killer
an alibi.
But then,
why did the woman say,
"I hope with all my heart
that they find you"?
I don't understand.
Like I said,
there's a third reason
why she dumped the body here.
Aoi Tanio tried to
get rid of any trace
of the true killer
at her house.
If she carefully cleaned
every inch of her home
that could be possible.
But what about outside
the house?
There's no telling
what traces Machii's brother
could've left behind.
And that's the main reason
why Aoi chose to bring
the corpse to your swamp!
What do you mean?
What else?
She wished for rain
and the rain came!
[serpent realizing]
You were known as
a water god and
received prayers for rain
in the past, didn't you?
If it started pouring,
tire tracks and
anything else he might've
accidentally dropped
would just get washed away.
[serpent]
A moment please...
Huh?
I was regarded as a water god
a very long time ago.
Besides, dropping a body
into the swamp
as an offering is unheard of!
And did they really think
they'd be blessed with rain
by throwing in the corpse
of a filthy middle-aged man?!
If they wanted to
give me an offering
it should've been a beautiful,
living girl!
Give me a girl
as a sacrifice!!!
-Uh, Guardian?
-Huh?
There are usually two types
of rain rituals
someone can try.
The first option is
to pray to a water god
and have them choose
to grant your wish.
That's the orthodox method.
But there is also
the opposite method
of making the water god
absolutely furious
so that they go on a rampage
and make it rain.
Oh, I do believe I've heard
that somewhere before.
And it appears that
you were indeed enraged,
wouldn't you say?
Goodness me...
Now I remember it actually
did rain the next day...
So, this would explain why
you heard her say
she wished he'd be found.
Aoi Tanio wanted you to find
Yoshihara's corpse and
go completely berserk.
That's why she let
"I hope with all my heart
that they find you"
slip out without thinking.
[serpent] Nay! That explanation
is still lacking!
In that case,
wouldn't she have said
"I really hope
it pours down," or
the giant serpent finds him
and becomes enraged"?
Why of course!
Huh?
If somebody not involved
in any way
had been visiting here
by car,
they would've witnessed
what she was doing.
The police would
investigate that too.
to see if there might've been
another killer or accomplices.
You seem to deny your own
claims rather readily...
That's why the only suspect
is Aoi Tanio.
Most of what she confessed
to the police
about what happened is true.
I think the only thing that's
different is her reasoning
for dumping the corpse
in this swamp.
[excited]
Huh?
[joyful sounds]
[excited]
Hmm?
[signing]
So you came!
Oh!
So that is
my lady's boyfriend...
How terrifying...
[terrified]
I'm your boyfriend now?
I'm so glad
you could make it.
Why don't you tell him that
I'm not really
your boyfriend?!
We can have
our lovers' quarrel later.
Right now, we have to resolve
any lingering questions he has.
Yes. Precisely, my lady.
And how are you planning
to do that?
I mean, if you were listening
this whole time,
I wish should've
come out sooner.
My lady!
So what is the real reason
the suspect
threw the corpse into
my beloved swamp?
[ending music]
Incidents involving a phantom
killer threaten the city.
And the culprit is
a faceless woman
wearing a red dress.
Are the incidents really
caused by Steel Lady Nanase
the ghost of a former idol?
Next time,
"The Rumors the Steel Lady."